CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to asciinema

First, if you're opening a Github issue make sure it goes to the correct repository:

* [asciinema/asciinema](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema/issues) - command-line recorder
* [asciinema/asciinema-server](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema-server/issues) - public website hosting recordings
* [asciinema/asciinema-player](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema-player/issues) - player

## Reporting bugs

Open an issue in Github issue tracker.
Tell us what's the problem and include steps to reproduce it (reliably).
Including your OS/browser/terminal name and version in the report would be great.

## Submitting patches with bug fixes

If you found a bug and made a patch for it:

* make sure all tests pass
* send us a pull request, including a description of the fix (referencing an existing issue if there's one)

## Requesting new features

We welcome all ideas.
If you believe most asciinema users would benefit from implementing your idea then feel free to open a Github issue.
However, as this is an open-source project maintained by a small team of volunteers we simply can't implement all of them due to limited resources. Please keep that in mind.

## Proposing features/changes (pull requests)

If you want to propose code change, either introducing a new feature or
improving an existing one, please first discuss this with asciinema team. You
can simply open a separate issue for a discussion or [join #asciinema IRC
channel on
freenode](https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/irc.freenode.net/#asciinema).

## Asking for help

Github issue tracker is not a support forum. If you need help then either [join
#asciinema IRC channel on freenode](https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/irc.freenode.net/#asciinema) or drop us an email at support@asciinema.org.

## Reporting security issues

If you found a security issue in asciinema please contact us at support@asciinema.org.
For the benefit of all asciinema users please **do not** publish details of the vulnerability in a Github issue.

The PGP key below (1eb33a8760dec34b) can be used when sending encrypted email to or verifying responses from support@asciinema.org.

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: GnuPG v2
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=2M/2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

Commit message:

Use proper site admin email adress

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to asciinema

First, if you're opening a Github issue make sure it goes to the correct repository:

* [asciinema/asciinema](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema/issues) - command-line recorder
* [asciinema/asciinema-server](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema-server/issues) - public website hosting recordings
* [asciinema/asciinema-player](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema-player/issues) - player

## Reporting bugs

Open an issue in Github issue tracker.
Tell us what's the problem and include steps to reproduce it (reliably).
Including your OS/browser/terminal name and version in the report would be great.

## Submitting patches with bug fixes

If you found a bug and made a patch for it:

* make sure all tests pass
* send us a pull request, including a description of the fix (referencing an existing issue if there's one)

## Requesting new features

We welcome all ideas.
If you believe most asciinema users would benefit from implementing your idea then feel free to open a Github issue.
However, as this is an open-source project maintained by a small team of volunteers we simply can't implement all of them due to limited resources. Please keep that in mind.

## Proposing features/changes (pull requests)

If you want to propose code change, either introducing a new feature or
improving an existing one, please first discuss this with asciinema team. You
can simply open a separate issue for a discussion or [join #asciinema IRC
channel on
freenode](https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/irc.freenode.net/#asciinema).

## Asking for help

Github issue tracker is not a support forum. If you need help then either [join
#asciinema IRC channel on freenode](https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/irc.freenode.net/#asciinema) or 
ask a question on [asciinema community forum](https://discourse.asciinema.org/).

## Reporting security issues

If you've found a security issue which may affect asciinema.org users please
contact admin@asciinema.org. For the benefit of all asciinema.org users please
**do not** publish details of the vulnerability in a Github issue.

The PGP key below (1eb33a8760dec34b) can be used when sending encrypted email to or verifying responses from admin@asciinema.org.

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: GnuPG v2
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=2M/2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```
