lib/asciinema_web/templates/doc/installation.html.md, before:

# Installation

There are several ways to get asciinema recorder:

- [Installing via Pip](#installing-via-pip)
- [Installing on Linux](#installing-on-linux)
- [Installing on Linux as snap](#installing-on-linux-as-snap) (universal Linux package)
- [Installing on macOS](#installing-on-macos)
- [Installing on FreeBSD](#installing-on-freebsd)
- [Installing on OpenBSD](#installing-on-openbsd)
- [Running in Docker container](#running-in-docker-container)
- [Running from source](#running-from-source)

If you use other operating system and you can build a native package for it then
don't hesitate, do it and let us know. We have [Github
issue](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema/issues/116) where we track new
releases and packaging progress.

## Installing via Pip
{: #installing-via-pip}

asciinema is available on [PyPI](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/asciinema) and can
be installed with pip (Python 3 required):

    sudo pip3 install asciinema

This is the universal installation method for all operating systems, which
always provides the latest version.

## Installing on Linux
{: #installing-on-linux}

### Arch Linux

    pacman -S asciinema

### Debian

    sudo apt-get install asciinema

### Fedora

For Fedora < 22:

    sudo yum install asciinema

For Fedora >= 22:

    sudo dnf install asciinema

### Gentoo Linux

    emerge -av asciinema

### NixOS / Nix

    nix-env -i asciinema

### openSUSE

    zypper in asciinema

### Ubuntu

    sudo apt-add-repository ppa:zanchey/asciinema
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install asciinema

## Installing on Linux as snap
{: #installing-on-linux-as-snap}

Install asciinema in seconds on [Ubuntu and other snap supported Linux distributions](https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install) with:

    snap install asciinema --classic

Installing a snap is very quick. Snaps contain all necessary dependencies required to run. The snap will get automatically updated when a new version is pushed to the store.

## Installing on macOS
{: #installing-on-macos}

### Homebrew

    brew install asciinema

### MacPorts

    sudo port selfupdate && sudo port install asciinema

### Nix

    nix-env -i asciinema

## Installing on FreeBSD
{: #installing-on-freebsd}

### Ports

    cd /usr/ports/textproc/asciinema && make install

### Packages

    pkg install asciinema

## Installing on OpenBSD
{: #installing-on-openbsd}

    pkg_add asciinema

## Running in Docker container
{: #running-in-docker-container}

asciinema Docker image is based on Ubuntu 16.04 and has the latest version of
asciinema recorder pre-installed.

    docker pull asciinema/asciinema

When running it don't forget to allocate a pseudo-TTY (`-t`), keep STDIN open
(`-i`) and mount config directory volume (`-v`):

    docker run --rm -ti -v "$HOME/.config/asciinema":/root/.config/asciinema asciinema/asciinema

## Running from source
{: #running-from-source}

If none of the above works for you (or you want to help with development) just
clone the repo and run latest version of asciinema straight from the master
branch:

    git clone https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema.git
    cd asciinema
    python3 -m asciinema --version

Commit message:

Explain client docker image better

lib/asciinema_web/templates/doc/installation.html.md, after:

# Installation

There are several ways to get asciinema recorder:

- [Installing via Pip](#installing-via-pip)
- [Installing on Linux](#installing-on-linux)
- [Installing on Linux as snap](#installing-on-linux-as-snap) (universal Linux package)
- [Installing on macOS](#installing-on-macos)
- [Installing on FreeBSD](#installing-on-freebsd)
- [Installing on OpenBSD](#installing-on-openbsd)
- [Running in Docker container](#running-in-docker-container)
- [Running from source](#running-from-source)

If you use other operating system and you can build a native package for it then
don't hesitate, do it and let us know. We have [Github
issue](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema/issues/116) where we track new
releases and packaging progress.

## Installing via Pip
{: #installing-via-pip}

asciinema is available on [PyPI](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/asciinema) and can
be installed with pip (Python 3 required):

    sudo pip3 install asciinema

This is the universal installation method for all operating systems, which
always provides the latest version.

## Installing on Linux
{: #installing-on-linux}

### Arch Linux

    pacman -S asciinema

### Debian

    sudo apt-get install asciinema

### Fedora

For Fedora < 22:

    sudo yum install asciinema

For Fedora >= 22:

    sudo dnf install asciinema

### Gentoo Linux

    emerge -av asciinema

### NixOS / Nix

    nix-env -i asciinema

### openSUSE

    zypper in asciinema

### Ubuntu

    sudo apt-add-repository ppa:zanchey/asciinema
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install asciinema

## Installing on Linux as snap
{: #installing-on-linux-as-snap}

Install asciinema in seconds on [Ubuntu and other snap supported Linux distributions](https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install) with:

    snap install asciinema --classic

Installing a snap is very quick. Snaps contain all necessary dependencies required to run. The snap will get automatically updated when a new version is pushed to the store.

## Installing on macOS
{: #installing-on-macos}

### Homebrew

    brew install asciinema

### MacPorts

    sudo port selfupdate && sudo port install asciinema

### Nix

    nix-env -i asciinema

## Installing on FreeBSD
{: #installing-on-freebsd}

### Ports

    cd /usr/ports/textproc/asciinema && make install

### Packages

    pkg install asciinema

## Installing on OpenBSD
{: #installing-on-openbsd}

    pkg_add asciinema

## Running in Docker container
{: #running-in-docker-container}

asciinema Docker image is based on Ubuntu 16.04 and has the latest version of
asciinema recorder pre-installed.

    docker pull asciinema/asciinema

When running it don't forget to allocate a pseudo-TTY (`-t`), keep STDIN open
(`-i`) and mount config directory volume (`-v`):

    docker run --rm -ti -v "$HOME/.config/asciinema":/root/.config/asciinema asciinema/asciinema

Default command run in a container is `asciinema rec`.

There's not much software installed in this image though. In most cases you may
want to install extra programs before recording. One option is to derive new
image from this one (start your custom Dockerfile with `FROM
asciinema/asciinema`). Another option is to start the container with `/bin/bash`
as the command, install extra packages and manually start `asciinema rec`:

    docker run --rm -ti -v "$HOME/.config/asciinema":/root/.config/asciinema asciinema/asciinema /bin/bash
    root@6689517d99a1:~# apt-get install foobar
    root@6689517d99a1:~# asciinema rec

## Running from source
{: #running-from-source}

If none of the above works for you (or you want to help with development) just
clone the repo and run latest version of asciinema straight from the master
branch:

    git clone https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema.git
    cd asciinema
    python3 -m asciinema --version
